mortis hey Toby dick I need your help I
mother going to get this motherfucker
tattoo it all up on me like that get me
deep down it over but whatever or
conversely get five small southern
classes let me finish in the shape of a
much larger Southern Cross what do you
reckon well that's very patriotic oh my
god thank you yes it is what do you got
there mate material no this is I am this
is a list of emergency talk topics I'm
about to telephone a lady friend and I
didn't want didn't want to get caught
Nia you know deal-breaking awkward
sounds yeah what do you got well I'm
oversized sunglasses they've gone out of
fashion used to be big yeah well see you
uh actually that's that reminds me fun
members young person vapor Chuck's
opinion okay uh what are you writing I
was in a sex shop today and there are
some funny stuff in there there really
is there really is and I'm going to use
some of it in my name's comedy set
except I've got to order it off to find
the server actually our monthly you
don't have a dildo lying around the
house to you anyone no no I know I
should be more not non-regular do though
I mean one of those some big hydraulic
pedal power fucking dildo guns still not
okay look
hello yeah hi Virginia it's a Toby
Bannerman how you doing hi Toby I'm good
thanks how you going good say what do
you think when you see a clenched fist I
don't know maybe they're angry or
something uh well someone out there
obviously thought hey that'd make a good
deal though all right ah sorry um
Virginia how much you expect to stand a
cockring to send you back Toby what the
hell's wrong with you well they got the
dildo pumpka Sheen's now just paddle
away and doc you go into the sunset Toby
each other what am I dildo your little
brom no give me the fucking father yeah
I'm sorry that's not it's a pedal
powered dildo machine so you put it up
inside the girls vagina I pedal on the
bike get a workout she gets her rocks
off how good's that hello yo I
motherfucker I didn't even tell her my
address my I can't believe that was your
missus on the fuck that shit is colder
than a can't believe she didn't know how
to pedal powered dildo machinist can you
sure you want to be with this girl and
it's yes yes I can believe that I can't
afford any more slip-ups we had a coffee
to work she already thinks I'm a pervert
so can you not leave your filth lying
around please yeah i'll be sure to clean
up the rape dungeon before your drag it
down there you know it's ladies night
down there tomorrow on bear
what experiment on a fucking kid
yes someone has to sit Toby someone has
to see this it's getting quicker had a
really nice time today Toby yeah me too
and once again sorry about the
misunderstanding on the phone yesterday
forget it it's all right I know you're
not into that kind of thing anyway hey
what's going on lovers check this thing
out I got one for you as well it was buy
one get one free got a few levels like
that the beaver look at the attention to
detail on the beaver lies and everything
that's not all got meself a cock ring
one hundred percent brass okay this
motherfucker that how about that and you
can actually borrow this if time he's
having night terrors and a headaches and
what have you I'm just kidding haha I'll
take this
[Music]